### The refactory tool and main dataset is cloned from https://github.com/githubhuyang/refactory  <br />

The new code, files, path, data , etc are listed below: <br />

#### Directories:
\5run: the output of 5 attempt. Each file has top 10 solutions suggested by copilot for the problem. <br />

\copilot_top10\run*\code: 10 solutions for run* in separated python files <br />

\copilot_top10\run*\correct: correct solutions in run* <br />

\copilot_top10\run*\wrong: wrong solutions in run* <br />

For each question, we select top 10 solution suggested by copilot for 5 runs. We repeat the process 5 times because copilot generates different solutions in each attempt. However, all top 10 solutions are not different in these 5 attempts and there are common solutions between them, but there are also unique (correct) solutions in different attempt. We repeat the process to investigate if the generated solutions are not accidently and to study the reliability of copilot in generating correct solutions.  <br />

#### Seperate_top10.py <br />
This code seperates solutions for each run in 10 different python files for each run. Read input from ..\run5 and store resulys in \copilot_top10\run*\code <br />

#### Test_copilot.py  <br />
This code apply test cases on each solution in each attempt and seperate correct solutions for each attempt. Collect input from \copilot_top10\run*\code and store output in two seperate files depend on passing all test cases or not: \copilot_top10\run*\correct and \copilot_top10\run*\wrong <br />

#### Seperate_top10_q2.py and merge_top10_q2.py <br />
These two codes apply the same process as above on question2. (exception in description of question 2)

#### Sampling_student_code.py  <br />
This code is to sampling the wrong code written by students. Because number of students wrong codes for each question is more than wrong code generated by copilot for same question. We resample student wrong codes in the size of copilot wrong code. We repeat the process 10 times and report the average. <br />

#### final_result.xlsx
A summary about comparying student code and copilot code per question

#### data_copilot.zip
Data generated by copilot, plus student code. The diroctory section explains more detail.
